h1. BaseApp2

h2. Requirements

Rails 3.0.7
For Rails 2.3 please use the alternative branch.

h2. Features

- Layout
- Tabs
- Global links
- Optional sidebar
- Notice, warning and error flash messages
- Both a default stylesheet as well as a ‘clean’ one are included for easy layout development.
- Default dashboard page
- Administration panel where you can:
  Manage users (add, delete, purge, suspend, activate, send new passwords)
- Manage settings
- Manage site wide timed announcements
- Post-Commit Hooks ready to roll for Campfire, Basecamp, FriendFeed, Twitter and custom URL.
- User authentication, with password recovery and login recovery and account activation (by email)
- User Profiles:
  Location, Website, Full name fields by default, easily extendible.
  Gravatar for avatar support
- Mobile Ready
- Auto detect mobile users/visitors and display different views.
- Based on the JQTouch framework, making it easy to theme.
- Devise 
- Declarative Authorization

h2. Configatron vs. Settings

Previously, site settings were stored in the database. Now, you have two options for storing configuration settings.

1. Configatron config/config.yml

All default configuration options that are not ‘user changeable’ should go in config/config.yml. This uses the Configatron gem (frozen in vendor/gems).

To retrieve the site name you may use ‘configatron.site_name’ everywhere in your code.

2. Settings in database

It’s still possible to store user changeable settings in the database model Setting.

Note: As long as there are no Settings in the database, the ‘Settings’ tab for the administrator is hidden. Once you add a Setting to the database through a migration (or otherwise), the Settings tab will show up.

h2. Getting Started

1. At the command prompt:
     * bundle install
     * rake db:migrate
     * rails s

2. Go to http://localhost:3000/

3. Administration username and password are as follows:
     * admin
     * baseapp
